fix: remove vendor-prefixed props/rules when standard is supported, c… (#34901)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_autofill/index.md

## Examples

The following example demonstrates the use of the `:autofill` pseudo-class to change the border of a text field that has been autocompleted by the browser.

> For browser compatibility, both `:-webkit-autofill` and `:autofill` are matched using a forgiving selector list with {{cssxref(":is()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure we don't creat an [invalid selector lis](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Selector_list#invalid_selector_list), both `:-webkit-autofill` and `:autofill` are matched using a forgiving selector list with {{cssxref(":is()")}}.
```
